New blog post: FreeCAD Tutorial: Create a Multicolor SVG Keychain (#49)
erikaheidi/blog: src/content/posts/freecad-multicolor-svg-keychain.md

1. Inspect the imported elements in the model tree
2. Select and **delete** any paths that correspond to text or unwanted areas (e.g., the letters and the surrounding rectangle in the FreeCAD logo)
3. Keep only the paths that represent the visual areas you want to use as distinct color layers

After cleanup, you should have the core logo shape split into its individual paths.

## Step 4: Plan Your Layer Heights

Before converting paths to sketches, think about which parts will be printed at which height — and in which order. Each path will become a separate pad, and the height difference between pads determines where color changes happen.

For the FreeCAD logo keychain, the layer plan is:

| Path | Height | Color |
|------|--------|-------|
| Cog (background gear shape) | 2 mm | Light blue (first filament) |
| Base shape | 4 mm | Red |
| Path one (border detail) | 5 mm | Red (same filament) |
| F letter | 6 mm | White (last filament) |

> **Important:** Work with connected parts together. If two paths are adjacent (touching), convert and pad them in the same session to avoid errors in FreeCAD.

> ## Step 5: Convert Paths to Sketches and Create Bodies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Convert Paths to Sketches and Combine them in a Body
```

For each path, you'll need to convert it from a draft object into a proper sketch, then place it inside a body and pad it.

### 5.1 Switch to the Draft Workbench

1. Switch to the **Draft** workbench
2. Select the path you want to work with first

### 5.2 Convert Path to Sketch

1. Go to **Modification → Draft to Sketch** (or find the button in the toolbar)
2. FreeCAD will generate a sketch from the selected path

### 5.3 Create a Body and Add the Sketch

> 1. Create a **new Body** (Part Design workbench → Create body)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a **new Body** if you don't have one yet (Part Design workbench → Create body)
```

> 2. **Move the sketch** into the newly created body (drag it in the model tree)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Move the sketch** into the active body (drag it in the model tree)
```

### 5.4 Pad the Sketch

1. With the sketch inside the body, switch to **Part Design**
2. Select the sketch and click **Pad**
3. Set the desired height (e.g., **4 mm** for the base shape)
4. Click **OK**
5. Hide the original path to keep the workspace clean

> Repeat this process for each path, using the heights defined in your layer plan:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeat this process for each path using the same active body, with the heights defined in your layer plan:
```

- **Cog path** → 2 mm
- **Base path** → 4 mm
- **Path one (border)** → 5 mm
- **F letter** → 6 mm

## Step 6: Add a Keychain Hole

To turn the model into a keychain, add a small hole:

1. Select the **top face** of the model where you want the hole
2. Create a **new Sketch** on that face
3. Use the **Circle tool** to draw a small circle (position it near the top edge)
4. Close the sketch
5. Use **Pocket → Through All** to cut the hole completely through the model

## Step 7: Export as STL

> 1. Select **all bodies** in the model tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the object in the model tree
```
